Nehra to Charles, 1 run, short of a length on leg stump, Charles stays in his crease and turns the ball off his pads behind square
Nehra to Gayle, no run, pitches short of a length outside off and seams away from the left-hander, Gayle lets it go
Nehra to Gayle, no run, Gayle has a half-waft at a fuller ball that shapes away from the left-hander, inside-edge past the stumps!
Nehra to Gayle, no run, short ball, it rises on the batsman, Gayle shapes to pull but bails out of the shot
Nehra to Gayle, FOUR, too short and this time it sits up, Gayle stays in his crease and pulls to the midwicket boundary, no fuss
Nehra to Gayle, 1 run, a fuller ball on middle and off, Gayle tucks it through square leg
Bumrah to Gayle, OUT, and that may be why! Bowled him! A low full toss, angling across the left-hander from over the wicket and swinging back in a touch, Gayle plays across the line and plays all around it, the ball crashes into the base of off stump and Bumrah wheels away in ecstatic celebration as the Wankhede roars. How that ball dipped on Gayle, how it bent back into him.
Bumrah to Samuels, no run, good length slanting into the right-hander, dabbed off the pads towards midwicket
Bumrah to Samuels, FOUR, stays back and moves towards leg and pokes at a good length ball outside off and the edge flies wide of slip to third man
Bumrah to Samuels, no run, jumps back and outside leg and he gets hit on the thigh by a short of a length ball that jags into him
Bumrah to Samuels, no run, short of a length just outside off, Samuels stays back and defends towards point
Bumrah to Samuels, FOUR, lovely shot that, Samuels stays back and laces the ball through cover point with a graceful drive
Nehra to Charles, FOUR, too full and Charles drills the straight drive past the bowler and Hardik Pandya can't cut it off with a dive to his left from mid-on
Nehra to Charles, no run, a loud and prolonged appeal for lbw but that was too high, hit him on the thigh as Charles tried to play towards leg
Nehra to Charles, no run, squares up his stance and swats the short of a length ball angling across him towards mid-on
Nehra to Charles, 1 leg bye, that's not short enough to pull and Charles gets caught in the headlights, he swivels and gets hit on the right side of his chest, the ball drops at his feet and they run a leg bye
Nehra to Samuels, no run, cut off the back foot but he has mis-timed it into the ground towards point
Nehra to Samuels, OUT, that is lousy batting, I'm afraid, Samuels has backed away outside leg, away from the angle of the delivery across him and then tried to close the face of the bat, the ball lobs up tamely off the leading edge and is caught at cover, such a tame dismissal, he was in no position to play any sort of shot
Bumrah to Charles, FOUR, a length ball and Charles hits it with the angle, swivelling on the front foot and pulling towards deep midwicket, the ball bounces just inside the boundary
Bumrah to Charles, FOUR, short of a length on the hips, Charles plays a short-arm swat wide of Ashwin at short fine leg, he chooses not to dive but has no chance once the ball gets past him
Bumrah to Charles, no run, stays in his crease and opens the face to steer the ball to point
Bumrah to Charles, 1 run, stays back and chips a good length ball towards midwicket
Bumrah to Simmons, no run, dabbed from the crease close on the off side
Bumrah to Simmons, no run, stays back and opens the face to steer to backward point
Nehra to Charles, no run, wild swing, Nehra may have subtly taken pace off the delivery, a good length delivery on off. Charles is way too early through the attempted heave down the ground and is beaten
Nehra to Charles, no run, good length outside off, not much swing but the lines are pretty good. Charles squeezes his push-drive to backward point
Nehra to Charles, no run, another dot. 134 kph from Nehra, right there - on and around the top of off. Charles attempts a nudge to the leg side but misses and is struck on the thigh pad.
Nehra to Charles, 1 run, slower ball, 104 kph, Charles waited for it and waited some more but still couldn't time his mow. Skewed away towards square leg
Nehra to Simmons, FOUR, superb shot from Simmons. A discernibly poor delivery though, short on Simmons' hips and all he does is pick it off with a swivel pull to the backward square leg boundary. Superlative timing
Nehra to Simmons, no run, pace off the ball again, tight lines around off. Simmons is forced into a defensive stroke.
Jadeja to Charles, 1 run, flat delivery on off to start, not much turn. Enough time for Charles to go back and nudge to square leg
Jadeja to Simmons, 2 runs, flat again, fired in on Simmons' pads who flicks to square leg. Sufficiently in the gap in front of square for a couple
Jadeja to Simmons, SIX, beautiful shot. A clean swing of the bat and a lovely place to hit the ball too. Very full on middle, Simmons backs away and offers the full face of the bat, golf-swing. Straight over the long-off boundary
Jadeja to Simmons, no run, flatter again on middle, pushed back to the bowler
Jadeja to Simmons, no run, once again, darted in on middle, a tad short though. Bunted away towards cover. Another dot
Jadeja to Simmons, 2 runs, a top edge just evades a backtracking short fine leg, a couple more. Strays down leg and Simmons is through the pull way too early.
Ashwin to Charles, 1 run, not much flight to start, a shortish length but close enough to off. Forehanded down to long-on
Ashwin to Simmons, FOUR, beats short third man and that is four all day, and night. Short and wide, Simmons flays a cut and finds the gap between point and short third man
Ashwin to Simmons, no run, a bit of turn. Quicker through the air outside off, turns into Simmons on middle who pats it back to the bowler
Ashwin to Simmons, no run, slowed up nicely on off, Simmons blocks
Ashwin to Simmons, 1 no ball, taken this time. A very similar delivery to the boundary ball, but Simmons goes after it again. A thick outside edge carries to short third man and Bumrah takes a stunner, diving low to his right. But has Ashwin overstepped? Uh oh, he has. Add salt to the wound, it is a free hit and that blaring noise to signal it too.
Ashwin to Simmons, no run, exceptional delivery. Yorker outside off, just inside the tramline though. Beautifully bowled, Simmons cannot get bat on it
Ashwin to Simmons, 1 run, driven with the spin to long-on
Pandya to Simmons, 1 run, good length outside off, pushed off the back foot towards point for a single
Pandya to Charles, 1 run, short of a length and straight, the batsman swivels and pulls behind square for a single
Pandya to Simmons, 1 run, a fuller ball angling into off and middle, Simmons leans forward and drives to long off
Pandya to Charles, no run, a bouncer, Pandya does love this length, Charles tries to pull but misses
Pandya to Charles, FOUR, that's not that short at all but Charles meets it on the front foot and pulls flat and hard to the deep square leg boundary, he was well out of his crease when he hit that
Pandya to Charles, 1 run, played behind square leg gently for a single
Ashwin to Charles, SIX, a huge hit in the stands beyond deep midwicket! Gets down on one knee to a flighted delivery, gets under it, and heaves-ho, powerful swing across the line while down on one knee
Ashwin to Charles, no run, carrom-ball, played back to the bowler
Ashwin to Charles, FOUR, Pandey dives full length on the cow corner boundary to try and stop Charles' mow across the line but he can't, superb effort. Charles dragged that offbreak from outside off stump
Ashwin to Charles, 1 run, cut firmly off the back foot and Bumrah stretches out with his right hand at short third man and stops it in the nick of time
Ashwin to Simmons, no run, played back to the bowlers
Ashwin to Simmons, 2 runs, steps out and plays the lofted drive over cover, Jadeja runs to his right on the edge of the boundary and stops the ball with his boot
Pandya to Charles, no run, the bouncer outside off, Charles had squared up his stance and was too far away from the ball to hit it
Pandya to Charles, SIX, slashed over short third man and has that carried all the way? I think that ball has bounced just short of the boundary line, centimetres short. Nearly on the half-volley. Charles had backed away from another short ball and slashed hard. The umpire disagrees and calls it a six, fair enough, it was really close.
Pandya to Charles, FOUR, banged in short again and now Pandya's length is becoming predictable, Charles stays back and hooks to the backward square leg boundary
Pandya to Charles, 1 run, short of a length at the body, Charles plays a short-arm paddle through square leg
Pandya to Simmons, 1 leg bye, jumps back to turns the ball through square leg but misses and gets hit on the thigh
Pandya to Charles, no run, a good length ball outside off, Charles stays back and tries to run it to third man but misses
Jadeja to Simmons, SIX, Jadeja's in the stands, deep beyond the square leg boundary. That ball was flat and short and Simmons rocked back and pulled hard
Jadeja to Simmons, no run, flat and fast outside off, Simmons cuts hard off the back foot but can't beat point
Jadeja to Simmons, FOUR, shot! A scorching cover drive, the ball was full and wide outside off and Simmons smashed it off the front foot, the fielder in the circle barely moved before the ball was past him
Jadeja to Simmons, 1 run, played to short third man for a quick single, Dhoni stands in front of the stumps with his legs spread and lets the ball go through for a direct hit, the batsman is safe though
Jadeja to Charles, 1 run, driven off the front foot to long off
Jadeja to Simmons, 1 run, that's a high full toss, pushed to long on, I can't quite understand why that hasn't been called a no-ball, definitely above waist I think. Will confirm if I see replays. West Indies are unhappy in the dugout. Yes, above waist it was.
Pandya to Simmons, 1 run, backs away outside leg and plays the ball towards cover point, Pandya followed the batsman to cramp him for room
Pandya to Charles, FOUR, shot! Pandya hasn't quite learned that he isn't express pace, keeps banging the ball short of a length and Charles has thumped it off the front foot to the cow corner boundary, the West Indies dugout rises to applaud Charles' fifty, he's played really well
Pandya to Charles, no run, gets beaten outside off stump, closed the face as the ball held its line
Pandya to Charles, no run, backs away outside leg and drills the cover drive to the fielder in the circle
Pandya to Charles, 1 leg bye, a fuller ball outside off, Charles moves outside off stump to swat on the leg side and gets hit on the pad, not sure why Pandya was appealing, that hit the pad miles outside off
Pandya to Simmons, 1 run, steps out and hacks at the length ball, hitting it along the ground to long on
Jadeja to Simmons, 1 run, cut off the back foot but he can't beat backward point
Jadeja to Charles, 1 run, mis-hit in the air towards long off but the ball falls short of the fielder, Rahane came running in from the boundary and did well not to let the ball past him
Jadeja to Simmons, FOUR, a powerful cover drive, lofted flat over the infield and that has nearly carried for fix, bounces a foot short of the rope, Simmons got on the front foot, got down on one knee, and carved it
Jadeja to Simmons, 1 run, cut off the back foot to point, can't find the gap
Jadeja to Charles, 1 run, flat and short outside off, slapped off the back foot to long off
Jadeja to Simmons, FOUR, Jadeja is copping a hammering, that ball is full and wide outside off, so much room for Simmons to free those arms and blaze the ball over cover point
Kohli to Charles, OUT, would you believe it? He has struck first ball! Can this man do no wrong on the field? The ball was short and it skidded on to Charles who went back and played a flat-batted pull of sorts, he lofted it straight to Rohit, who ran in from long off to break the stand. Incredible. Very ordinary ball, but clearly the force is with Kohli tonight
Kohli to Simmons, no run, played off the pads behind square leg
Kohli to Simmons, no run, driven firmly back down the pitch, Kohli dives to his right and fields nimbly, throws the ball back to Dhoni quickly too
Kohli to Simmons, 2 runs, short of a length on middle and leg, played off the pads to deep square leg
Kohli to Simmons, 1 run, nudged off the back foot towards short fine leg, Simmons enters the World T20 with a half-century in a semi-final, top innings
Kohli to Russell, 1 run, a full ball outside off, driven along the ground to long off
Pandya to Russell, FOUR, Pandya keeps bowling short of a length, this time with width outside off, Russell clears his front foot and smears the ball flat and powerfully wide of the fielder at mid off
Pandya to Russell, no run, played off the back foot to backward point
Pandya to Russell, SIX, that's in the second tier! Russel clears his front foot and pulls, that short ball from Pandya sails high into the night sky, watch out in the stands! Massive, massive hit.
Pandya to Russell, no run, finally he bowls a full ball, has the penny dropped? Full and wide from around the wicket, slanting across the right-hander, Russell lunges and misses
Pandya to Russell, 1 run, clears his front foot and slogs, the ball flies off the outside edge to Bumrah at third man
Pandya to Simmons, 1 no ball, Pandya's got a wicket of a full toss! That was so friendly just under waist height, and Simmons has slapped it flat and straight to Ashwin at cover. But hang on, Simmons has a second life! Pandya has over-stepped! He will bat on, and he has a free hit coming up. Big no-ball.
Pandya to Simmons, SIX, the free-hit is in the stands! Simmons slams a length ball from just outside off stump high and far, deep over the cow corner boundary, such a free swing of his arms, what a turn of events
Bumrah to Russell, 1 run, a full toss, Russell bashes it past the bowler, forcing the umpire to duck, Kohli races to his left from long on to save the four
Bumrah to Simmons, no run, he charges too early, Bumrah sees him coming and shortens the length outside off, Simmons' slog connects with nothing
Bumrah to Simmons, FOUR, he aims for down the ground but the ball flies off the outside edge, it sails in the air towards third man but the fielders are in the circle and that's another four for the West Indies!
Bumrah to Simmons, 1 run, in the blockhole, driven hard to Ashwin at cover, there's no one at the bowler's end but Ashwin throws and concedes an overthrow
Bumrah to Russell, 1 run, that ball skids at pace off the pitch, cramping Russell for room, he fends the ball down on the leg side for a single
Bumrah to Simmons, SIX, shot! Simmons is playing a blinder, he has silenced his home crowd, he plays for the Mumbai Indians in the IPL. Bumrah bowls length, Simmons gets under that length and slams the ball over the straight boundary with a powerful drive
Nehra to Russell, 1 run, a full toss outside off, rather low, Russell hits it to long off for a single
Nehra to Simmons, 1 leg bye, short of a length from around the wicket, Simmons moves forward and towards the off to glance off his hips, doesn't make proper contact to short fine leg
Nehra to Russell, no run, in the blockhole, top delivery, Russell plays it back to the bowler
Nehra to Russell, SIX, this is some power hitting from Russell, he moves back and towards the off and pulls a short ball over deep midwicket, such power, did not look like he timed it but when you have those muscles ...
Nehra to Russell, 1 run, nearly in the blockhole, Russell backs away and slugs it towards long on
Nehra to Simmons, 1 run, in the blockhole again from around the wicket, driven to long on, Simmons made room by moving outside leg
Bumrah to Simmons, no run, the shorter ball and so slow! Simmons charged and then bailed out of the shot because he was far too early
Bumrah to Simmons, no run, full and wide outside off, Simmons lunges and slogs, it's a slower one again but on a very different length, Simmons fails to connect, two huge deliveries for India ...
Bumrah to Simmons, no run, three dots in a row! A slower one outside off again, this time on a good length, Simmons slogs hard but misses again, pressure building now on West Indies
Bumrah to Simmons, SIX, is that a six? Is that caught? It's all happening! Simmons smashed the slower ball this time, high into the night sky, but when it landed Jadeja was running to his left on the wide long on boundary to take the catch. He was going to go over the boundary and so he lobbed it to Kohli, who caught the throw. But Kohli does not celebrate much, he perhaps knows Jadeja's foot has touched the boundary just after he caught it. It's a six!
Bumrah to Simmons, 2 runs, a low full toss, Simmons nails the drive, hitting it hard towards the extra cover boundary, Pandya races to his left and dives to save two runs
Bumrah to Simmons, FOUR, after playing dots off the first three balls, Simmons has taken 12 off the last three! Terrific comeback. The last ball is full and wide outside off. Simmons stands his ground and slashes, third man is in the circle and the ball sails over him for four more
Jadeja to Russell, no run, fired wide outside off stump, nearly a wide, but no quite, the batsman slogs and misses
Jadeja to Russell, 1 run, flat and fast, slapped down the ground to long on for a single
Jadeja to Simmons, 1 run, just a single, Simmons pulls but can't beat the man at deep midwicket
Jadeja to Russell, no run, gold for India, a dot ball. Bowled full and straight, played back to the bowler.
Jadeja to Russell, SIX, deathly silence at the Wankhede. Length ball with room outside off, Russell slams it straight over the bowler's head, and very far, very very far
Jadeja to Russell, FOUR, What a shot, what incredible power, Russell gets down on one knee and just blitzes the ball to the cover boundary, how quickly that travelled off the ball, tracer buller, as India's team manager would say
Kohli to Simmons, 1 run, a full ball on the pads, pushed towards deep midwicket for a single
Kohli to Russell, no run, a good length ball skids on to the pads, Russell pulls and misses, the ball goes to short third man
Kohli to Russell, FOUR, mows across the line, the ball races across the turf, there's no fielder in sight, West Indies are four runs closer! Russell did not hit that well, but he is like the Hulk and it's good enough
Kohli to Russell, SIX, WEST INDIES ARE IN THE WORLD T20 FINAL! Russell has put the full toss in the stands, far beyond deep midwicket and his team-mates rush on to the field in a flash. Celebrations in the middle, deathly silence all around.
